You know from the experiment we did with Toast ...
-- Oh yeah. - Ah, no!
Have you recently received strange phone calls?
- No. - Oh.
Okay, we have to explain this:
We have done a small experiment to find out what is the best
Mannier is for Toast, probably the most attractive bachelor among us,
to arrange a date. Or, sex. Or ... yeah. Thanks (!)
We have tried it in several ways.
We first placed an advertisement on a certain well-known dating site.
- I hate you.
- with your telephone number. - I hate you so much at the moment.
"Call Toast for a good time."
- There are two things on that ad.
There will certainly be time and I am maybe 24.
- What I like so much is the bottom ad: "Is there someone who wants a suede?"
Now the question is whether that description is "gone wrong" or a person who loves an enormous amount of velvety material?
- I think we should look a bit more at the ... There it is: "Single, athletic, easy-going person.
- Oh, it's funny because it's true (!)
And underneath is your telephone number. That is posted in October. Strange phone calls? Uberhaupt?
- No, only yours. --Oh
- And mine.
- That is, considering you do not drink, remarkable.
- We know that that was not such a successful approach.
We had a second way, I believe it can be seen now, that was this ...
placard that we hung up in a number of telephone booths in London.
- Oh, that is beautiful. I want to keep it. The pink contour lines complete it.
That makes it suitable for a kind of clientele, but that is really suitable for it.
They are telephone booths in London - You can not get far ...
- May I say something ... - It depends on how you sit ...
- Well, you can, Gary, but I did not know you were thinking about me (!)
- I did not realize we were doing this for the show and I called that number - it was occupied.
- You too, you did not have to call that number at all.
- Okay, no strange phone calls? - No strange phone calls.
- Okay, we had a third attempt in case ...
There was only one thing we could do and that was to go to Cardiff.
That is Cardiff, the capital of Wales
- That's the busiest shopping street in Cardiff ... - That's a river!
And see there: There on a huge animated screen is Toast's face and phone number.
That stopped ...
- It does not state what it is for! "Buy this t-shirt!"
-- All night! - "Grow a beard!"
- These are not special effects, that really stood out. That was indeed there.
- We paid for it.
- We had to go through the entire bureaucracy of Cardiff ...
- "Call Toast for a good time" was also rejected.
- For the sake of clarity: That went through a whole city council before that sign was there.
- Oh God, and I did not even get a call from their (!)
You would think that there is some lonely woman there.
- Phone calls? -- No!
It does not matter in which format you advertise it - No phone calls.
- We had to pay to use that board and it did not help at all.
- Oh, of course, "help me" (!)